taylor finished your homework last night
[Music]
yep
hello richard i know the truth about you
who you really are nero
tyler where's my son look at your screen
amigo
you follow my instructions today or he
will die
i need you for a job this vest has a
micro camera
everything you see i will see amigo
if you so much just touched the hair on
my kid's head i swear
it wasn't cut down meeting going on the
restaurant and kill every person there
and that's the only way you're going to
see your son again alive i can't just go
in there
shooting up the place what about the
innocent bystanders there are no good
people in there
no saints only sinners
[Music]
bravo nero let's see if you can do some
more
this is to a new beginning and watching
the utter destruction of our enemies
why did he call you nero that's a name
from the past
i used to work for special forces i'm
sorry you got mixed up in all this
and this is how it's gonna end for you
if you survive since you'll come for us
are you scared
you're better and you should be too
you